	To ensure that my code is functional and secure, there are many approaches that I take. I first start with writing down all the required elements needed in the program, so that I can make sure they are implemented and then checked off the list. As I write my code, I am sure to include brief, but descriptive comments along the way. This simultaneously helps me recap what I have written while helping me stay focused and moving forward towards the desired outcome. After this introduction to testing software, I now know how to use JUnit to ensure that my code is actually functional and error free.
	To interpret user needs, I simply listen to their requests, or concerns, and by way of conversation synthesize a solution that best meets the project's needs. User input can also be attained through manuscripts and records. After gathering the required information, the software/system can then begin to be designed. In my personal experience gathering requirements from manuscripts, highlighting important data and building lists of requirements has helped to simplify the coding process.
	I approach designing software from a “learning from the ground up” approach. It’s very important to me that I understand what I am coding and how all the factors work together. I know a lot of programming can be done by looking up templates, at other people's code, and coping and pasting. Don’t get me wrong, this can save a lot of time and add efficiency to the coding process. These strategies certainly have their time and place. But in my personal practice, in order for me to absorb the knowledge quicker, I only copy and paste my own code. Therefore, even if I am getting help from observing someone else's code, I still personally type it in my program and explain it’s function. I may copy and paste my own code further in the program, but originally typing it out myself greatly helps with the learning experience.
